---
title: Wednesday-28
date: 2021-07-21
---
On Wednesday the 28th I drove to the Mesa lab which took me about an hour and 45 minutes. Upon arrival I meet with Profesor Stark and Daniel who is another student who is working on
a similar project. Then Profesor Stark gave us a tour of the Lab and showed us where all the equipment was at. Then we started setting up the equipment to start experimenting. 
First we had to turn on the Kestral loggers and link them to my cellphone via a free app. From there we changed the loggers logging time and syncing time to every 30 seconds. We ran
into an issue that I couldnt sync with all four temperature loggers at one time. So I eneded up linking to only three loggers that would be used by the experiment while Daniel synced 
with the logger that was used for the ambient temperature. From there we began our first run of experiments. We started off by turning on the food warmer on the medium setting and
then placing the batteries in the food warmers along with temperature loggers from there we waited until the batteries reached around 90 degrees and then we flipped the batteries over
to promote a more even heat distribution. Once all the batteries reached at least 100 degrees farenheit we turned off the food warmer and took the batteries out. We placed the batteries
on the table and observed how long it took to cool the batteries to room temperature in an air conditioned room. The batteies took about and hour and 15 minutes to cool off. 
Once that run was over we reheated the batteries and then placed the batteries outside in the shade. Given that the ambient temperature was above 100 degrees the batteries did not cool off
they just heated up even more or hovered around the ambient temperature. So after about 25 minutes of that we decided to end that run. Then we heated the batteries up again and then placed them 
in a cooler to see how long it took to cool down. The process was very fast since it only took six minutes. Again we went right back to heating up the batteries and once the reached the 
required temperature we placed them in a Lipo bag and observed how long it took the batteries to cool down. This method took the longest since it took the batteries about two hours and 15 minutes
to cool down to room temperature. Once that run was over Profesor Stark showed us where we would store the equipment and we called it a day. We ended up doing around 7 hours and 45 minutes of lab
work that day.
