---
title: Monday-19
date: 2021-07-19
---

On Monday I worked on the code some more and I was able to figure out what I was doing wrong. I had a syntax error in one of my if statements that was repeated multiple time
throughout the code. This error stemed from when I thought I had to make a class for each battery but once I fixed that issue my code began to work correctly. Subsequently,
I was able to finish the other scenarios as well. But the scencario where no chargers is present I did a little differently since now chargers where involved that meant the classes
were not necesassry so I just created an array that would calculate the flight time and field time and the user can change the number of batteries and see the results. Once the 
simulation portions of the code were finished I also added to a few lines of code to calculate the cost of each scenario. I defined the price of each charger and labor cost I also
just realized that I failed to input the cost of the cooling method into the calculations. But by doing this I also realized there was a few errors in the excel sheet I created 
previously in that I was not calculating the cost correctly as well as the waiting time. I also added a line of code to all the scenarios in which the bat_data was exported to an
excel sheet for further and analysis if one chose to do so. The main difference between the code and the excel sheet is that the code simulate the experiment minute by minute and
is more precise and flexible with regards to the amount of batteries and chargers as well as different time ranges. This work took me about 3 hours and 55 minutes.
