---
title: Wednesday-14
date: 2021-07-14
---

I began research on object oriented programing. First, I started by using the help function in matlab which aided me to learn about the different components of a Matlab class.
Which consists of properties, methods, and events blocks. Properties blocks ares used to define an objects inherent proprties which are used to store information for each of the
objects with in a class. While methods blocks consist of functions that help define the actions that can be done on an object within a class. Contiuallly, event blocks are used to
define the messages that an object can send to other sections of an application when something changes with in the object in question. Furthermore, I found out that by 
creating a constructor class one can have acces to the properties of an object which is similar to the access one would have to the fields of a struct. Moreover, I watched two
lenghtly Matlab tutorials in which the basics of object oriented programming where discused. In the first tutorial a sensor array was created in order to transmit and recieve signals
from a weather ballon as well as locating the signal with the sensor array and calculating the angle of attack of the signal. The second tutorial was much simpler in which the 
lecturer created a sort of contact list/phone book from some data. So basically they used classes to create different categories like name, phone number, fax number, and address.
And by typing any one of those into the command window it would inform you of all the other corresponding information. For example, if you typed carlos into the command window
it would tell you his phone number and address as well as everthing else. This whole process took about three and a half hourse. 
